Add archive note (#1)
procore/jquery-rails: README.md

> ### Archive note: This was originally created to support upgrades to Rails. We have stopped using this directly, and our indirect usage has been upgraded to the latest release. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Archive note: This was originally created to support upgrades to Rails when the official gem did not. Newer versions of the public gem are no longer a blocker to more recent Rails versions, so we are no longer going to use this outdated fork. The current version of the public gem, https://github.com/rails/jquery-rails, should be used instead. 
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Archive note: This was originally created to support upgrades to Rails when the official gem did not. Newer versions of the public gem are no longer a blocker to more recent Rails versions, so we are no longer going to use this outdated fork. The current version of the public gem, https://github.com/rails/jquery-rails, should be used instead. 
```
